$Id: CREDITS,v 1.8 2003-10-29 18:40:05 geuzaine Exp $

             Gmsh is copyright (c) 1997-2003 

                   Christophe Geuzaine 
              <geuzaine at acm.caltech.edu> 

                           and 

                  Jean-Francois Remacle 
               <remacle at gce.ucl.ac.be>

The AVL tree code (DataStr/avl.*) and the YUV image code
(Graphics/gl2yuv.*) are copyright (c) 1988-1993, 1995 The Regents of
the University of California. Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and
without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that
the name of the University of California not be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,
written prior permission.  The University of California makes no
representations about the suitability of this software for any
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.

The trackball code (Common/Trackball.*) is copyright (c) 1993, 1994,
Silicon Graphics, Inc.  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software for any purpose and without fee
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in
all copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of
Silicon Graphics, Inc. not be used in advertising or publicity
pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written
prior permission.

The GIF and PPM routines (Graphics/gl2gif.cpp) are based on code
copyright (c) 1989, 1991, Jef Poskanzer. Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any
purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
This software is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.

The colorbar widget (Fltk/Colorbar_Window.cpp) was inspired by code
from the Vis5d program for visualizing five dimensional gridded data
sets, copyright (c) 1990-1995, Bill Hibbard, Brian Paul, Dave Santek,
and Andre Battaiola.

This version of Gmsh may also contain code (in the Triangle
subdirectory) copyright (c) 1993, 1995, 1997, 1998, 2002, Jonathan
Richard Shewchuk: check the configuration options.

Special thanks to David Colignon <David.Colignon at univ.u-3mrs.fr>
for new colormaps; Patrick Dular <patrick.dular at ulg.ac.be> for
transfinite mesh bug fixes; Laurent Stainier <l.stainier at ulg.ac.be>
for the Mac OS port and the tensor display code; Nicolas Tardieu
<nicolas.tardieu at edf.fr> and Pierre Badel <badel at freesurf.fr>
for help with the GSL integration and Marc Ume <Marc.Ume at
digitalgraphics.be> for the original list code.

Special thanks also to Bill Spitzak <spitzak at
users.sourceforge.net>, Michael Sweet <easysw at
users.sourceforge.net>, Matthias Melcher <mm at matthiasm.com> and
others for the Fast Light Tool Kit on which Gmsh's GUI is based. See
http://www.fltk.org for more info on this excellent object-oriented,
cross-platform toolkit.

Finally, thanks to the following folks who have contributed by
providing fresh ideas on theoretical or programming topics, who have
sent patches, requests for changes or improvements, or who gave us
access to exotic machines for testing Gmsh: Juan Abanto <juanabanto at
yahoo.com>, Olivier Adam <o.adam at ulg.ac.be>, Guillaume Alleon
<guillaume.alleon at airbus.aeromatra.com>, Eric Bechet <eric.bechet
at epost.de>, Laurent Champaney <laurent.champaney at meca.uvsq.fr>,
Pascal Dupuis <Pascal.Dupuis at esat.kuleuven.ac.be>, Philippe
Geuzaine <geuzaine at gnat.colorado.edu>, Johan Gyselinck
<johan.gyselinck at ulg.ac.be>, Francois Henrotte <fhenrott at
esat.kuleuven.ac.be>, Benoit Meys <bmeys at techspace-aero.be>,
Nicolas Moes <moes at tam9.mech.nwu.edu>, Osamu Nakamura <naka at
hasaki.sumitomometals.co.jp> and Chad Schmutzer <schmutze at
acm.caltech.edu>.
